no how much rocky things if you have
respect for the person and you do enjoy
for him but not for you right do you
enjoy friend you see I'm so happy for
him there's a difference you know the
bushels are always a directive stick out
and not be beaten it the whole you can
keep your vector the better it is but
you are happy for that person so he's
actually good as you thought it was kind
of like it would be a little funny but
the thing is I'm good but I'm trying to
do with you this kind of dialogues of
the conversation see people are the
stages how do you create will laugh out
get awareness because you know you just
announce the winners this half of the
audience is pissed off that so didn't
win and have a pure energy so happy
because that guy want and off the same
thing so like yes they did it Cedric you
know coming forth I was pissed off we're
telling the truth how you know but
because I thank you Miss with in
Sedgwick adverse feeding him and the
winner and takes any day I thought both
of them had really the kind of a body
that I wanted so if I would be like a
judge I asked myself always the question
as a judge forgetting out that I a
famous Olympian oldest potentially I got
a judge and I Cynthia the questions
whose father doing what to have that's
what it comes down to me and i think
that the century had such a beautiful
body he was so well proportioned that I
thought he should have faced higher than
he did and unless
unless we change the chucking procedure
and unless we do something about where
they stopped just using guys with the
thickest leg and the biggest muscle but
not Lucas squeezing you can look at the
old days they see briefs one yeah weeks
one it is all him on the beach you say
this if I would love to have this guy's
body Wow look at how beautiful this man
looks but that's not what you can say
about the skies today that windows the
conditions and so would I trying to tell
the judges is that you gotta go and
consider gluten everything like for
instance so many of those guys have
their stomachs sticking out you know
whatever what do we talk about here I
mean it used to be that you should have
a v-shaped body now I don't know it's
like kind of a little bottle shaped body
and time you're done there is a kind of
it until we think that is happening on
stage to Dylan can put in their stomach
anymore for a long period of time and
stand on stage with a vacuum and pulled
in stomach showing us out and to look at
let it so it's all this you know kind of
you know stomach sticking out and all
this kind of it doesn't look right
anymore and so we have to just make sure
that we're rewarding the right guys
because if you reward the right guys
then everyone will start training to
have a beautiful body again rather ever
well and right
follow so he had given the award
yesterday's you know the lifetime
achievement award to germanium but the
business leaders of meat they become
disick reading him because he's in
charge of judging he's in charge of
picking the judges and you have to talk
to him and you magazines all and also an
internet and every other means that is
call out on him and call out on those
churches because that's how I free to
change he's very calling out and getting
involved and saying this is unacceptable
that we body balloon is going we don't
oversee thank you
what are sadly hanging and for those who
don't now we have we here today the big
one